# electionblockchain

We will be working on a proof of concept for an Electronic Voting Machine interface, that stores data on a blockchain. It will be a web application where a voter can enter their voter ID then the party that they are voting for. This information is then stored on a blockchain. Further, there will be a validate option and the voter can enter his voter ID to ensure his vote was recorded correctly. Further, we will also be providing an analytics page post election, which will give us many statistical details of the election, such as the percentage of people who voted, percentage of votes to each party,etc immediately once the election ends.

This helps the election in many ways. First of all, it ensures that the EVM cannot be hacked, as the data that is once stored on a blockchain is immutable. This is an age old problem in the election, where EVM's are hacked, thereby making the election not authentic. Another useful feature this proof of concept will provide, is that the results will be made available instantly, and the EVM's need not be kept locked up and under security while the other phases of the election go on. This saves on a lot of the personnel and infrastructure cost, which can be used in other places to ensure that the election goes smoothly.

We in the beginning, will use azure blockchain services to build a business network, followed by developping a back end REST API. Then we will make a web application, that will work as the EVM user interface. For analytics, we will use the azure workbench and use that to host the application on the cloud.
